COPYRIGHT.txt
/==========================================================================
This is (or this includes) a MODIFIED version of the Digital Persona
FingerJetFX OSE fingerprint feature extractor. The modifications aim to 
 - improve support for Microsoft Windows operating systems, 
 - add support for ISO 19794-4 FIR image formats, and 
 - remove limitations of the number of minutiae in the output template. 
The modified source code of FingerJetFX OSE has been published on GitHub 
(https://github.com/FingerJetFXOSE/FingerJetFXOSE) as fork of the 
original project. 

FingerJetFX OSE -- Fingerprint Feature Extractor, Open Source Edition

Copyright (c) 2011 DigitalPersona, Inc.  All rights reserved.

DigitalPersona, FingerJet, and FingerJetFX are registered trademarks or
trademarks of DigitalPersona, Inc. in the United States and other countries.

FingerJetFX OSE is open source software that you may modify and/or
redistribute under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License,
or (at your option) any later version, provided that the conditions
specified in the COPYRIGHT file  provided with this software are met.

For more information, please visit digitalpersona.com/fingerjetfx

REDISTRIBUTIONS IN ANY FORMAT, WHETHER MODIFIED OR NOT, MUST RETAIN THE 
ABOVE COPYRIGHT NOTICE, THIS LIST OF CONDITIONS, AND THE FOLLOWING 
DISCLAIMERS. 

1. If the software is MODIFIED, then the following must be added to the top
of this document:

   This is (or this includes) a MODIFIED version of the Digital Persona
   FingerJetFX OSE fingerprint feature extractor.

2. Redistributions in any form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the code and the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following 
acknowledgment:

   "This product includes the DigitalPersona FingerJetFX OSE fingerprint 
   feature extractor. (http://digitalpersona.com/fingerjetfx)" 
 
   This acknowledgement must be included in the end-user documentation 
   included with the redistribution.  Alternately, this acknowledgement 
   may appear in the software itself, if and wherever such third-party 
   acknowledgements normally appear.

4. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software 
must display the following acknowledgment:

   "This product includes the DigitalPersona FingerJetFX OSE fingerprint 
   feature extractor. (http://digitalpersona.com/fingerjetfx)"  

5. Advertising or marketing materials must include acknowledgment of 
FingerJetFX as required herein but may not imply endorsement by 
DigitalPersona without prior written permission.  For written permission,
please contact FingerJetFX-OSE@digitalpersona.com.

6. Products derived from this software may not be called "FingerJet" 
or "FingerJetFX" nor may "FingerJet" or "FingerJetFX" appear in their names
without prior written permission from DigitalPersona, Inc.
 
7. Disclaimers: The software is not designed, made, or intended for use 
in an application where failure, malfunction or inaccuracy of the software
may cause death, serious bodily injury, including, without limitation, use 
in medical equipment, nuclear facilities, aircraft operation, air traffic 
control, or life support.  Any such use is prohibited.  You agree that 
DigitalPersona will not be liable, in whole or in part, for any claims, 
losses, costs or damages arising out of or in connection with the use and 
performance of the software in such applications.  If You use the software 
for such applications, You agree to indemnify, defend and hold 
DigitalPersona harmless from all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, 
damages, costs and expenses (including attorney fees) arising out of or 
relating to such prohibited uses.

8. Export Restrictions.  You acknowledge and agree that the software is 
subject to United States export restrictions, and that You will comply with
all applicable United States and international laws relating to the 
importing and/or exporting of the Software Product, and will not, directly
or indirectly, export the software and related technical data in violation
of the Export Administration Regulations of the U.S. Department of Commerce
and other applicable laws. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold 
DigitalPersona harmless from all claims, actions, losses, liabilities, 
damages, costs and expenses (including attorney fees) arising out of or 
relating to any breach of such export restrictions. 

9. Notice to U.S. Government End users:  The software and documentations 
are "Commercial Items" as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R 2.101, 
consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer 
Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 or 48
C.F.R. 227.7202, as applicable.  Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 or 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial 
Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being
licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and 
(b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant 
to the terms and conditions herein.  Unpublished-rights reserved under the 
copyright laws of the United States.     

10. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL 
DIGITALPERSONA BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, 
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, WHETHER
IN TORT, PRODUCT LIABILITY AND/OR NEGLIGENCE  (INCLUDING, WITHOUT 
LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF BUSINESS PROFITS, GOODWILL, BUSINESS 
INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF BUSINESS INFORMATION, LOSS OF DATA, PRIVACY OR 
CONFIDENTIALITY, BREACH OF SECURITY SYSTEMS OR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY LOSS) 
ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING IN ANY WAY TO, THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE 
THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF DIGITALPERSONA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.  THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED "AS IS", AND THE ENTIRE 
RISK OF ACCURACY AND SATISFACTORY PERFORMANCE IS WITH YOU. YOU ASSUME ALL 
RESPONSIBILITY FOR SELECTING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT TO ACHIEVE YOUR INTENDED 
RESULTS, AND FOR THE INSTALLATION OF, USE OF, AND RESULTS OBTAINED FROM THE
SOFTWARE.  DIGITALPERSONA DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL MEET 
YOUR REQUIREMENTS OR ALL REQUIREMENTS OF THE SOFTWARE OR HARDWARE WITH 
WHICH IT INTERACTS.  IN ANY CASE, DIGITALPERSONA'S ENTIRE LIABILITY UNDER 
ANY PROVISION HEREUNDER SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY PAID BY YOU
FOR THE SOFTWARE OR FIVE DOLLARS (US$5.00), WHICHEVER IS GREATER.  SOME 
JURISDICTIONS DO NOT PERMIT THESE EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS, SO SUCH 
EXCLUSIONS OR LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

If you are interested in obtaining a copy of this software under a 
commercial license, please contact FingerJetFX-OSE@digitalpersona.com.
